Australian locals.mp3|| We're off to go some crab breaking is what the locals do down here in South  Australia and we were approaching a headland and we've seen some people just  standing on the cliff looking out and we thought what's going on here so had a  bit of a look ourselves and we're seeing a shark in the shallow waters you know not  too far off the of the land took some footage and got up close and yeah it was as a shark . He turned to me and said dad said what's up?  you just one of those things you just do when you just do when you just do when you see something in distress when you see something in distress.
Burro racing.mp3|| We are having our third annual Parkboro Race.  Turquoise Trail Park Borough Race.  So you and your donkey take off?  It's a trail run.  We do them in mining communities.  And so we will run through some mines here.  I mean, like the little girl was saying, you can have a donkey day where they don't want to run  at all, or you can have a phenomenal day where they navigate those trails like a champion.  It's like a, it, it's like a unicornion with, it, it, it, it's like a  it.
Colman Domingo.mp3|| We fight it with a revolution of love and creating opportunities like this for each other.  It takes organizations like this, especially the artists, people who support art, to show that we all matter.  And also to actually, sometimes we have to like highlight certain members of a community to say like,  oh no, they truly matter and their impact matters.  And you know what?  Things are going to...  the ebb and flow of history will always swing, but I do believe it.  Right in front of touch?
Kristi Noem.mp3|| Tomorrow is the day that Real ID will finally be enforced.  It's been a law that's been in place for over 20 years.  81% of the travelers that travel by airline in the United States today are already compliant.  So they have IDs that already, they will be able to use just like they normally always have been.  We will be honoring passports, other federally recognized IDs, tribal IDs will be recognized, so thank you Mr.  and we will make sure that it is a, so we will make sure that it is a, that it is a  and that.
Pope Leo.mp3|| I'm here in Chicago to cover this historic breaking news of the first American  put to ever be elected in the history of the Catholic Church and the reason I'm  in Chicago is because the Pope is from here and yesterday I had a chance to  sit down with his brother John Provost we talk about the childhood in Chicago the  Pope's favorite food which is steak he also told me they first-time almost every day they  play wado and at some point John was telling me that the last time he had the last time he had  was first call with his first call by a call on the Brilliant's first call with his own of the conflict before with his talk a account with his  There was a particular phone call that was coming from a tablet in the basement  and John told me that might be the Pope.  He did stop the interview and go to the basement.  He realized he had a few missed calls from his brother who is now the Pope.  He called back and I was able to witness that historic moment of the Pope's first call  with his brother.  Oh, he's called for two hours already.  This has been going on the air right on the air right now.  to his brother.  He also talked about making plans to travel at some point to home.  When we continued the interview, John also told me that this is kind of like a  bittersweet moment because he used to talk with his brother almost every day.  And now that his brother becomes the Pope, and he's going to be probably very busy.  He doesn't know if he will be able to keep that same roots in him.