Australian locals.mp3||We're off to go some crab breaking is what the locals do down here in South Australia and we were approaching a headland and we seen some people just standing on the cliff looking out and we thought what's going on here. So had a bit of a look ourselves and we seen a shark in the shallow waters, you know, not too far off the land, took some footage and got up close and yeah, it was a shark stranded on the beach. To be honest, I sort of did have some thoughts about, oh, why am I going out here? But as we were going out, my young son, Parker, goes, he turned to me and said, Dad, I said, what's up? He goes, my heart's pounding. I said, yeah, mine's beating pretty fast too. I was talking to them on the way back in, we're all just having a laugh and they just took it in their stride. Like it was just something that happens every day. And I said, is that something you've had seen before? They're like, nah, I said, why did you guys go out? And they're like, oh, we just wanted to help it. We thought it'd be a good idea. So yeah, it was just, I guess one of those things you just do when you see something in distress. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Burro racing.mp3||We are having our third annual Pecoro Race, turquoise trail Pecoro Race. So you and your donkey take off, it's a trail run, we do them in mining communities and so we will run through some mines here. I mean like the little girl will say you can have a donkey day where they don't want to run at all or you can have a phenomenon where they just navigate those trails like the champion and bring you in and it's great running with a companion. You just never know who that companion will be. I love it. That's what you're talking about. Thanks, baby. Yeah, it's really good. I'm glad you told me I had to have the race. You came in ahead of the pack, right? Yeah. Basically it's a buttercup at the first climb, she just started climbing and we pulled away and she just ran really well there. Her name is Buttercup. She's just like running a million, she's like a unicorn. She just loves the climb great on the downhill. She's just always wants to be in front. You hold on, we wrap the rope right around us, we don't tie it. I have tied it, don't ask. And you just sort of go, so the start is where you're going to have the most energy and the most momentum and so if you allow them to carry that momentum into the race then you're more likely to kind of hit a consistent tempo.
Colman Domingo.mp3||We fight it with a revolution of love and creating opportunities like this for each other. It takes organizations like this, especially the artists, people who support art, to show that we all matter. And also to actually, sometimes we have to highlight certain members of the community to say, they truly matter and their impact matters. And you know what? Things are going to, things will, the ebb and flow of history will always swing, but I do believe it will always swing a little bit more closer towards justice. And so we're going to get there with moments like this. Gia, right in front of you, right in front. It's an honor because it celebrates us. You know, one of the most popular, beloved colors on this planet, which is black, and also dandism, which in my mind is the sport. It's how you feel when you get up in the morning, where you're going and what the climate or the environment is going to be like. I think all of us feel that. Thank you, sir. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right.
Kristi Noem.mp3||The tomorrow is the day that Real ID will finally be enforced. It's been a law that's been in place for over 20 years. 81% of the travelers that travel by airline in the United States today are already compliant. So they have IDs that already they will be able to use just like they normally always have been. We will be honoring passports, other federally recognized IDs, tribal IDs will be recognized. So thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that. And what will happen tomorrow is folks will come through the line and there will be issue their ID and show it. If it's not compliant, they may be diverted to a different line, have an extra step, but people will be allowed to fly. We recognize that this is a security issue. Congress has had many, many years to reevaluate it and decide if they wanted to change the law or to stop it and the Biden administration shows that it should go into place on May 7th. And we intend to follow the law. So we will make sure that it is as seamless as possible and that travelers will get to stay on their intended itinerary. But we are telling people that this law will be enforced and it will allow us to know individuals in this country who they are and that they're authorized to travel.
Pope Leo.mp3||I'm here in Chicago to cover this historic breaking news of the first American port to ever be elected in the history of the Catholic Church. And the reason I'm in Chicago is because the Pope is from here. And yesterday I had a chance to sit down with his brother, John Prepos. We talk about the childhood in Chicago, the Pope's favorite food, which is steak. He also told me the first time almost every day they play water. And at some point John was telling me that the last time he had spoken with his brother was Tuesday before the Conclave begun. The phone was ringing non-stop during the entire interview, but there was a particular phone call that was coming from a tablet in the basement. And John told me that might be the Pope. He did stop the interview and go to the basement. He realized he had a few miscalled from his brother, who is now the Pope. He called back and I was able to witness that historic moment of the Pope's first call with his brother. Oh, he's called for two hours already. Well, first you need to know you're on the air right now. This has been going on since 11 o'clock this morning. This is the first time I'm hearing that this thing rang and we are being filmed and recorded. Right now. Right this very minute. We don't want to reveal the content of that conversation because the Pope did not agree to be interviewed. But I can tell you that he had like no more siblings. John shares some words of congratulations to his brother. He also talks about making plans to travel at some point to warm. When we continue the interview, John also told me that this is kind of like a bittersweet moment because he used to talk with his brother almost every day. And now that his brother becomes the Pope and he's going to be probably very busy, he doesn't know if he will be able to keep that same mood scene. He's gone.