Australian locals.mp3|| We're off to go some crab raking is what the locals do down here in South Australia and we were approaching a headlands and we've seen some people just standing on the cliff looking out and we thought what's going on here.  So, had a bit of a look ourselves and we've seen a shark in the shallow waters, not too far off the land, took some footage and got up close and yeah it was a shark stranded on the beach.  To be honest, I sort of did have some thoughts about why am I going out here, but as we were going out my young son Parker goes.  He turned to me and said dad, said what's up? He goes, my heart's pounding. I said yeah, my one's beating pretty fast too.  I was talking to him on the way back in. We're all just having a laugh and they're just, they just took it in their stride like it was just something that happens every day and I said, is that something you've seen before?  They're like, nah, I said why did you guys go out and they're like, oh we just wanted to help it.  We thought it would be a good idea. So yeah, I was just, I guess one of those things you just do when you see something in distress.
Burro racing.mp3|| We are having our third annual heck for a race, turquoise trail, heck for a race.  So you and your donkey, take off, it's a trail run, we do them in mining communities.  And so we will run through some mines here.  I mean, like the little girl said, you can have a donkey day where they don't want to  run at all or you can have a phenomenal day where they just navigate those trails like  a champion and bring you in and it's great running with a companion, you just never  know who that companion will be.  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!  Marvin, can you tell me about the race?  You came in ahead of the pack, right?  Yeah, basically it's buttercup, right?  At the first climb she just started climbing away, pulled away and she just ran really well  there.  She's just like, I wanted a million and she's like a beautiful one.  She just loves to climb great on the downhill, she's just always wants to be in front.  You hold on, we wrap the rope right around us, we don't tie it, I have tied it, don't  ask me.  And you just sort of go, so the start is where you're going to have the most energy and  the most momentum and so if you allow them to carry that momentum into the race then you're  more likely to kind of hit a consistent tempo.  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!  I love you!
Colman Domingo.mp3|| We fight it with a revolution of love and creating opportunities like this for each other.  It takes organizations like this, especially the artists, people support art to show that we all matter.  And also to actually, sometimes we have to highlight certain members of the community to say like,  oh no, they truly matter and their impact matters.  And you know what?  Things are going to, things will, the ebb and glow of history, but always swing.  But I do believe it will always swing a little bit more closer to which justice.  And so, we're going to get there with moments like this.  Yeah, right in front of you, right in front of you, right in front of you.  It's an honor because it celebrates us, you know, one of the most popular, beloved colors on this planet, which is black.  And also, dandism, which in my mind is a sport.  It's how you feel when you get up in the morning, where you're going and what the climate or the environment is going to be like.  Look at the smell of space!  Oh my God!  Get up!  Get up!
Kristi Noem.mp3|| The tomorrow is the day that real ID will finally be enforced.  It's been a law that's been in place for over 20 years, 81 percent of the travelers  that travel by airline in the United States today are already compliant.  So they have IDs that already, they will be able to use just like they normally always  have been.  We will be honoring passports, other federally recognized IDs, tribal IDs will be recognized.  So thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that and what will happen tomorrow is folks will come  through the line and they will be issued their ID and show it if it's not compliant.  They may be diverted to a different line, have an extra step, but people will be allowed  to fly.  We recognize that this is a security issue.  Congress has had many, many years to reevaluate it and decide if they wanted to change  the law or to stop it and the Biden administration shows that it should go into place on May  7th and we intend to follow the law.  So we will make sure that it is as seamless as possible and that travelers will get to  stay on their intended itinerary, but we are telling people that this law will be enforced  and that will allow us to know individuals in this country who they are and that they're  authorized to travel.
Pope Leo.mp3|| I'm here in Chicago to cover this historic breaking news of the first American poet to ever be elected in the history of the Catholic Church.  And the reason I'm in Chicago is because the Pope is from here.  And yesterday, I had a chance to sit down with his brother, John Provost.  We talk about the childhood in Chicago.  The Pope's terrific food, which is thick.  He also told me the first time almost every day they play Waldo.  And at some point, John was telling me that the last time he had spoken with his brother was Tuesday before the Conclave began.  The phone was ringing nonstop during the entire interview.  But there was a particular phone call that was coming from a tablet in the basement.  And John told me that might be the Pope.  He did stop the interview and go to the basement.  He realized he had a few missed calls from his brother who is now the Pope.  He called back and I was able to witness that historic moment of the Pope's first call of his brother.  No, he's called for two hours already.  Well, first you need to know you're on the air right now.  This has been going on since 11 o'clock this morning.  This is the first time I'm hearing that this thing rang and we are being filmed and recorded.  Right now.  Right this very minute.  We don't want to reveal the content of that conversation because the Pope did not agree to be interviewed.  But I can tell you they chat like, no more siblings.  John shares some words of congratulations to his brother.  He also talked about making playing to travel at some point of warm.  When we continue the interview, John also told me that this is kind of like a bittersweet moment because  he used to talk with his brother almost every day and now that his brother becomes the Pope  and he's going to be probably very busy.  He doesn't know if he will be able to keep that same mood scene.  He's gone.