Australian locals.mp3|| We're off to go some crab breaking is what the locals do down here in South  Australia and we were approaching a headland and we've seen some people just  standing on the cliff looking out and we thought what's going on here so had a  bit of a look ourselves and we're seeing a shark in the shallow waters you know not  too far off the of the land took some footage and got up close and yeah it was as a shark  said what's up you guys my heart pounding as my heart poundinging my heart pounding  I.
Burro racing.mp3|| We are having our third annual pack borough race.  Turquoise Trail pack borough race.  So you and your donkey take off?  It's a trail run.  We do them in mining communities.  And so we will run through some mines here.  I mean, like the little girl was saying, you can have a donkey day where they don't  want to run at all, or you can have a phenomenal day where they just navigate those trails like a champion.  It's like a million, and it, it, it, it, it, it, it's just like a unicorn, it, it's like a unicorn, it's like a uniform.  She just, she has been, she just, she's, she just always, she has a great.  you
Colman Domingo.mp3|| We fight it with a revolution of love and creating opportunities like this for each other.  It takes organizations like this, especially the artists, people who support art, to show that we all matter.  And also to actually, sometimes we have to like highlight certain members of a community to say like,  oh no, they truly matter and their impact matters.  And you know what?  Things are going to...  the ebb and flow of history will always swing, but I do believe it.  Right in front of touch?
Kristi Noem.mp3|| Tomorrow is the day that Real ID will finally be enforced.  It's been a law that's been in place for over 20 years.  81% of the travelers that travel by airline in the United States today are already compliant.  So they have IDs that already, they will be able to use just like they normally always have been.  We will be honoring passports, other federally recognized IDs, tribal IDs will be recognized, so thank you Mr.  and we will make sure that it will come through the law.  and that travelers will get to be
Pope Leo.mp3|| I'm here in Chicago to cover this historic breaking news of the first American  put to ever be elected in the history of the Catholic Church and the reason I'm  in Chicago is because the Pope is from here and yesterday I had a chance to  sit down with his brother John Provost we talk about the childhood in Chicago  the Pope's favorite food which is steak. He also told me they first-time almost every day they  They did stop the interview and go to the basement. He realized he had a few missed calls from his brother who is now the Pope.  and recorded.  almost every day.  who his  and he is experience put!? He's going be review that he's the pub and he he has the pub. and he's going. and he's probably met the Pro000. s unit and he's going. fuck. and he's a pub and he it. and he's going with . . the pop. He's a pope. And he's a mui. I. And he has